Two parts: a new Issuers destination, and additions to the dashboard. Every
figure specified here is derivable from data the product already has — no new
provider, no new fetch. Where the source is not obvious I have named it.

═══ PART 1 — THE ISSUERS TAB ═══
WHY IT EXISTS. The product has three axes and only two are navigable:
    event  -> schemes    the corporate action page          EXISTS
    scheme -> events     Portfolio and scheme pages         EXISTS
    issuer -> schemes + events                              MISSING
There is no issuer endpoint and no issuer page today. But Bharat Renewables
sits in 6 of 10 schemes, Ganga Telecom in 5, Malabar Foods and Nilgiri Cements
in 4 each, across 30 issuers. So this question cannot be answered anywhere:
"What is Arka's total exposure to one company across the whole house, and what
has that company done to us?"

This matters because SEBI's 10% cap is PER SCHEME, but concentration risk is
PER ISSUER. The risk committee asks about the house position. And when one
issuer runs three corporate actions in a quarter, the cumulative effect across
six schemes is invisible today because each event is its own row.

ADD /issuers (list) AND /issuers/:issuerId (detail). Nav becomes:
Dashboard, Portfolio, Issuers, Corporate actions, Analysis.

/issuers — the list
  One row per issuer that any scheme holds, ranked by house exposure value.
  Columns, and where each comes from:
    Issuer + ISIN            securityMaster on the event
    House exposure ₹         SUM over schemes of (holding x CMP)
                             holdings from scheme holdings, CMP from
                             securityMaster.cmp
    % of total AUM           house exposure / SUM of all ten scheme AUMs
    Schemes holding it       count of schemes with a non-zero holding
    Open corporate actions   count of open events with this issuer
    Tightest cap headroom    MIN across schemes of (10% - post-action exposure)
                             reuse the SHARED exposure function, do not write
                             a second one
    Attention                only when a scheme is tight or breaching

/issuers/:issuerId — the detail
  Open with one computed sentence:
    "Arka holds ₹158.40 cr of Bharat Renewables across 6 of 10 schemes — 0.51%
     of total AUM. Arka Focused 25 is 0.77% from the SEBI single-issuer cap."
  If nothing is at risk, say so plainly.

  Then exactly four blocks:
   1. HOUSE EXPOSURE
      total value, % of total AUM, number of schemes, and the largest single
      scheme position.
   2. PER SCHEME
      scheme | holding | value | % of that scheme's NAV | headroom to 10%
      sorted by % of NAV descending. Scheme names link to /schemes/:id.
      Source: scheme holdings x CMP, scheme NAV/AUM, shared exposure function.
   3. CORPORATE ACTIONS FROM THIS ISSUER
      every event, open and closed, newest first: type, date, status, and what
      it cost or earned. Source: group existing events by issuer; the
      cost/earned figure is the same value the Analysis history section already
      computes for closed events.
      Event names link to /events/:id.
   4. WHAT THIS ISSUER HAS DONE TO US
      one line summing block 3: "3 corporate actions in the last quarter.
      ₹1.2 cr received, ₹0 forfeited, 1 decision still open."

  No charts on the issuer detail page. It is a ledger, like Portfolio.

═══ PART 2 — WHAT ELSE GOES ON THE DASHBOARD ═══
These are IN ADDITION to the four charts already specified (deadline timeline,
funding by week, headroom per scheme, volume versus attention). Each row below
gives the element, its exact source, and its form.

A. FOUR STAT TILES, top of page, single row. Tiles, not charts.

   1. NEEDS YOU
      count of open events requiring a decision.
      SOURCE: events where processingType is Voluntary or Mandatory-with-options
      AND status is not already submitted or approved.
      FORM: large number, label "need your decision", and beneath it the
      complement — "22 need nothing from you". That second half is the product's
      value proposition in one line: most of what arrives is safely ignorable.

   2. AT STAKE IF YOU DO NOTHING
      the money forfeited if every open voluntary entitlement lapsed.
      SOURCE: SUM over open voluntary events of (rights x value of one right),
      using the same rightValue Stage 1 already computes (TERP - subscription
      price). Reuse it; do not recompute.
      FORM: large number in the breach status colour. This is the single most
      persuasive figure in the product and it currently appears nowhere.

   3. DUE WITHIN 3 DAYS
      count of open events whose internal deadline is inside 72 hours.
      SOURCE: internalDeadlineAt versus now.
      FORM: number, styled with the attention colour when above zero, plain
      when zero. Zero must look calm, not empty.

   4. OPEN SETTLEMENT BREAKS
      SOURCE: count of events with a reconciliation classification other than
      Matched or Not-due.
      FORM: number, breach colour when above zero.

B. TOP HOUSE EXPOSURES — five rows, links into the new Issuers tab
   SOURCE: the /issuers list computation above, top five by house exposure.
   FORM: a compact table — issuer, house exposure ₹, schemes holding it,
   tightest headroom. Each row links to /issuers/:id.
   WHY: it is the only place the dashboard shows concentration, and it is the
   entry point to the new axis.

C. DATA TRUST — one line, not a panel
   SOURCE: count of events where sourceDisagreements is non-empty; plus the
   most recent receivedAt per source channel; plus the provenance flag showing
   whether anything has actually been fetched.
   FORM: a single sentence beneath the headline, for example:
     "2 corporate actions have conflicting source data. Custodian feed last
      delivered 3 hours ago. All records are currently synthetic."
   WHY: the product's credibility rests on knowing where numbers came from, and
   nothing on the dashboard says it today.

D. LAST QUARTER'S SCORE — two figures, inline, not a chart
   SOURCE: the Analysis historical section, already computed — captured,
   forfeited, lapsed count, deadlines met.
   FORM: one sentence: "Last quarter: ₹4.24 cr captured, ₹18 lakh forfeited on
   2 lapsed entitlements, 16 of 16 deadlines met."
   WHY: it is how the product shows it earns its keep, and it belongs where the
   fund manager starts their day, not buried in Analysis.

WHAT NOT TO ADD to the dashboard: no scheme table (that is Portfolio), no
per-event detail, no pie or donut, no dual-axis chart, no sparkline per row.

═══ REUSE, DO NOT DUPLICATE ═══
Issuer exposure must come from the ONE shared function already used by the
analysis view, the scheme page and the decision page. Value of a right, TERP
and NAV impact likewise come from Stage 1. If a figure appears in two places it
must come from one function — this product has already had the same number
computed three different ways once, giving 10.77% and 11.27% for the same
exposure.

Everything server-side. Declare new endpoints and fields in
lib/api-spec/openapi.yaml and run
  pnpm --filter @workspace/api-spec run codegen

═══ VERIFY ═══
typecheck and tests pass, plus:
- /issuers lists every held issuer ranked by house exposure, and the sum of a
  scheme's issuer positions never exceeds that scheme's AUM;
- /issuers/:id opens with a computed sentence and shows the four blocks;
- the tightest-headroom figure on the issuer page equals the figure the
  analysis view shows for that scheme and issuer — assert equality in a test;
- "at stake if you do nothing" equals the sum of forfeit values across open
  voluntary events, and matches the per-event lapse figures;
- "needs you" plus "needs nothing" equals the open event count;
- "due within 3 days" is computed from internalDeadlineAt and is zero-safe;
- the data-trust sentence names the disagreement count and the last delivery
  time, and states when records are synthetic;
- issuer names link both ways with schemes and events.