SCOPE: who the user is, what a corporate action IS, and how it arrived. Do not
touch the portfolio or the analysis sections — those are the next two steps.

PRINCIPLE FOR THIS WHOLE PRODUCT: fewer fields, each one insightful. Do not add
information. Replace weak information with strong information. If a field does
not change what the fund manager does, delete it.

═══ A. ONE USER ═══
This product is for a FUND MANAGER. Nobody else.

Delete these personas entirely, and every screen, section and vocabulary that
exists to serve them:
  Aisha Mehta   · Operations Analyst
  Daniel Reed   · Reviewer
  Maya Shah     · Operations Manager

Keep:
  Rohan Iyer    · Fund Manager   — the user. Default and only viewpoint.
  Nisha Kapoor  · Compliance     — an APPROVER, not a viewpoint. Compliance
                                   exists so a decision can be independently
                                   signed. It is not a way to browse the product.

Remove the demo-operator role switcher from the main surface. Delete the
"Operations detail" concept, analyst term-validation UI, and ops vocabulary
("case", "workbench", "operational", "workflow status"). The fund manager
receives confirmed terms; they do not validate documents.

═══ B. "WHAT IT IS" — THREE SENTENCES, NOT A FIELD GRID ═══
Today this section shows ORDINARY ISIN, TICKER, CURRENCY, AMOUNT and a calendar
— and never shows the ratio or the price, which ARE the corporate action.

Replace the whole grid with three plain statements:

1. What the company is doing, in words, numbers inline:
   "Bharat Renewables is offering 1 new share for every 5 you hold, at ₹85 —
    a 29.2% discount to the ₹120 close."

2. What the clock says:
   "14 days left. Decide by 15 Sep 2026, 15:00 IST."

3. Where it came from and whether the sources agree:
   "Received 31 Aug, 14:15 from your custodian (SBI-SG, MT564).
    Confirmed by the NSE filing and the NSDL file. All three agree."

Put ISIN, ticker and reference in one small identifier line beneath. DELETE the
AMOUNT field from this section — money belongs in the impact section, and here
it is currently wrong anyway (see E).

Write sentence 1 per event type, and say plainly when nothing is required:
  dividend  "Aarav Industries is paying ₹4.25 per share. Record date 10 Sep.
             Nothing to decide."
  split     "Deccan Grid is splitting each share into 5. Your 80,000 shares
             become 4,00,000. Nothing to decide."
  bonus     "Narmada Logistics is issuing 1 bonus share for every 10 held.
             Nothing to decide."
  buyback   "... is buying back up to 20% at ₹850. Decide by ..."
  rights    as above
  merger    "... is merging into ...; you receive N shares plus ₹X per share."

"Nothing to decide" is the most valuable sentence on the page for a mandatory
event. Say it, do not leave the reader to infer it.

═══ C. FIX THE DATES ═══
1. Every event page currently renders "MARKET DEADLINE: Invalid Date" and
   "INTERNAL DEADLINE: Invalid Date". The frontend is trying to parse the
   display string "16 Sep 2026 · 15:30 IST" as a Date. Store every deadline as
   an ISO instant AND a display string. Render the display string; compute from
   the instant. Never parse the display string.
2. Two formats appear on one page: "31/08/2026" and "16 Sep 2026 · 15:30 IST".
   Use one everywhere: "31 Aug 2026 · 14:15 IST".
3. evt-ind-dividend-break has deadlineOffset 1, so its internal deadline lands
   today at 15:00 IST and is in the PAST for any session after 3pm — this is
   currently failing the coherence test. No event may have an internal deadline
   less than 2 days out. Add a test that fails if any seeded deadline is within
   24 hours of now.

═══ D. WHERE CORPORATE ACTIONS COME FROM ═══
For an Indian mutual fund the chain is:
  company -> NSE/BSE (SEBI LODR Reg 30/42; the exchange sets ex-date)
  RTA (KFin / Link Intime) runs the event for the issuer
  NSDL / CDSL build the authoritative ENTITLEMENT file from record-date positions
  CUSTODIAN -> the fund   *** this is where it enters an AMC ***
               SEBI requires every scheme to appoint one: SBI-SG, Deutsche Bank,
               HSBC, Standard Chartered, Citi, ICICI, Stock Holding Corp
  data vendors (Refinitiv / Bloomberg) as early warning and cross-check

The custodian notification is a SWIFT MT564. The cycle is
  MT564 notification -> MT565 your instruction -> MT567 status -> MT566 confirmation.

Model this:
1. A corporate action has MANY source records, not one. Each carries: channel,
   received timestamp, and the field values that source asserted.
2. Seed these six channels, with the custodian as the primary arrival:
     Custodian · SBI-SG            MT564 SWIFT feed
     NSDL corporate action file    daily 18:00 IST
     NSE corporate announcements   live
     BSE corporate announcements   live
     Market data · Refinitiv       live
     RTA notices · KFin            email
3. Authority is per FIELD, not per source:
     entitlement quantity                  -> depository (NSDL/CDSL)
     ratio, record date, ex-date, deadlines -> exchange filing
     cash amounts                          -> custodian MT564/MT566
     price                                 -> vendor, advisory only
4. Seed ONE event where sources genuinely disagree — the vendor feed carries a
   record date one day off the exchange filing — and show it on that event as:
     "3 of 4 sources agree. Refinitiv shows a record date of 11 Sep; the NSE
      filing says 10 Sep and wins."
   That single sentence is the insight. Do not build a comparison table.

Manual upload stays as a small exception path ("Add manually"), not a page and
not a wizard. Delete the "Choose the source type" selector, the "Website URL"
source, the "Capture source evidence" step and the "Evidence label" field.

Do NOT add a Sources page to the nav. Put a small feed-health dot in the shell
that turns amber when a feed is stale.

═══ E. FIX THE UNIT LIE ═══
The Deccan Grid split page shows "AMOUNT ₹0.04 cr". That is ₹4,00,000, which is
80,000 × 5 — the post-split SHARE QUANTITY rendered as rupees. Two lines below,
the table correctly says "Expected Cash: -" and "Direction: Neutral".
A quantity is never a currency. Audit every money field for the same mistake;
the bonus issue shows "₹5,000" for 5,000 shares on the dashboard.

═══ DO NOT ═══
- Do not add fields. This step should REDUCE what is on screen.
- Do not touch the scheme impact table, constraints, or the decision section.
- Do not build real SWIFT connectivity — seed MT564-shaped synthetic fixtures.
- Do not add tabs.

Declare new fields in lib/api-spec/openapi.yaml and run
  pnpm --filter @workspace/api-spec run codegen

═══ VERIFY ═══
typecheck and tests pass, plus:
- no "Invalid Date" anywhere;
- one date format across the product;
- no seeded deadline within 24 hours of now;
- three personas removed; Compliance cannot browse, only approve;
- the split page shows no rupee amount anywhere;
- every event names its arrival channel and time;
- the disagreement event states which source wins and why, in one sentence.