One bug, precisely located.

GET /api/issuers/bharat-renewables-ltd returns:
    houseExposure.schemeCount: 10
    situation: "Arka holds ₹165.60 cr of Bharat Renewables Ltd across 10 of 10
                schemes, 0.54% of house AUM."
and a perScheme array of 10 rows, of which THREE have holdingQuantity 0:
    Arka ELSS Tax Saver         0
    Arka Mid Cap Fund           0
    Arka Banking & Financial    0

So only SEVEN schemes hold this issuer. The count includes non-holders.

1. schemeCount must count schemes with a NON-ZERO holding. Here that is 7.
2. The situation sentence must say "7 of 10 schemes".
3. The perScheme array must EXCLUDE zero-holding schemes. An issuer page listing
   funds with no position in that company is noise.
4. The same fix applies to the /issuers list column "SCHEMES HOLDING" and to
   the dashboard's "Top house exposures" table, which both show 10 for Bharat.
   All three must come from one computation.

5. SEPARATE TWO FACTS THAT ARE CURRENTLY BLURRED. They are different numbers
   and the product uses them interchangeably:
       schemes HOLDING the issuer      7   (non-zero position)
       schemes AFFECTED by an action   6   (eligible for the open rights issue)
   Arka Value Fund holds 6,00,000 shares and receives no entitlement — that is
   correct and worth showing, but it must be labelled. Use distinct labels
   everywhere, for example "7 schemes hold it · 6 affected by open actions",
   and never use one number where the other is meant.

Add a test asserting an issuer's holder count equals the number of schemes with
a non-zero holding of it, and that holder count is always greater than or equal
to affected count.

DO NOT: change house exposure value (₹165.60 cr is correct — it sums to
1,38,00,002 shares × ₹120), or touch any exposure percentage.

VERIFY: typecheck and tests pass; Bharat reports 7 holders and 6 affected; no
zero-holding scheme appears on an issuer page; the issuers list, issuer detail
and dashboard exposures all report the same holder count.