Four things. The market-data API integration is NOT in this prompt — that comes
next once the provider is chosen.

═══ 1. REPLACE THE TYPEFACES ═══
Currently Plus Jakarta Sans + Spline Sans Mono. Plus Jakarta Sans is a
geometric sans designed for consumer web products and reads wrong for an
institutional fund-management tool.

Switch to IBM Plex Sans (body and headings) + IBM Plex Mono (all figures).
Load only the weights used: Plex Sans 400/500/600, Plex Mono 400/500.
Remove the Plus Jakarta Sans and Spline Sans Mono links so nothing unused is
downloaded, and update the CSS font tokens so no component names a family
directly.

Keep the existing five-step type scale (28/20/16/14/12) and the warm palette.
Plex has a slightly smaller x-height, so check the 12px label size still reads
and bump to 12.5-13px if it does not.

═══ 2. REMOVE "LOG AN EARLY SIGHTING" FROM THE NAV ═══
Take it out of the navigation. Nav becomes: Dashboard, Portfolio, Corporate
actions, Analysis, Audit.

Keep the early-sighting CONCEPT — it is what makes the custodian control
visible, and the seeded sighting must still exist and still refuse to allow an
instruction until the custodian MT564 confirms. Just stop giving manual entry
top-level billing. Move it to a small "Add manually" action on the Corporate
actions page.

═══ 3. BUILD THE ANALYSIS VIEW ═══
Everything the product computes today is per event, or per scheme within one
event. Two questions have no home, and they are the analysis:

A. THE AGGREGATE, ACROSS EVENTS
   Arka Focused 25 is touched by SEVEN open corporate actions. Its funding line
   says "Needs ₹15.30 cr" — the Bharat rights issue alone. Nothing shows the
   combined draw across all seven, and nothing checks whether two events on the
   SAME issuer together breach the 10% cap. Each event passes its own check;
   the sum is unchecked.

   Build, per scheme:
     - total cash required across ALL open events, against available cash,
       with the shortfall if any
     - total issuer exposure per issuer, counting every open event on that
       issuer, including MANDATORY ones you cannot decline (a bonus issue
       raises your holding whether you like it or not)
     - a flag when the COMBINED effect breaches a limit that no single event
       breaches on its own
   That last case is the reason this view exists. Seed one scheme where it
   happens.

B. WHAT IT HAS COST, OVER TIME
   Across closed events: value captured versus value forfeited, and whether
   anything lapsed that could have been sold. Simple figures, no charts:
     "Last quarter: ₹4.2 cr captured, ₹18 lakh forfeited on 2 lapsed
      entitlements. 14 of 14 deadlines met."
   This is how the product shows it earns its keep. Use the closed seeded
   events for it.

No charts on this page. Same discipline as everywhere else: sentences and
tables, every figure derived server-side, one figure per thing that matters.

═══ 4. MAKE THE PORTFOLIO BETTER ═══
The portfolio page currently lists ten schemes with the events touching each,
NAV impact, funding gap and a flag. It is correct but thin. Add only what
changes a decision:
   - the AGGREGATE cash requirement from section 3A, not the single-event figure
   - the closest deadline across that scheme's events, so you know which fund
     is against the clock
   - the largest single-issuer exposure and its distance to 10%
Remove the "Open corporate actions touching it" column's full list of issuer
names — with seven events it is unreadable. Show a count and the most material
one: "7 open · largest: Bharat Renewables rights".

Every scheme name and event name stays clickable both ways.

═══ 5. DEMO DATA — MAKE IT COMPLETE ═══
17 events is better but still thin, and the archive has little history. Bring
it to roughly 30:
   - ~10 open and needing attention (including the combined-breach scheme)
   - ~16 closed across the last quarter, so section 3B has real history —
     including 2 that lapsed and could have been sold, which is the point
   - 2-3 settlement breaks
   - keep every existing teaching case intact: the rights issue with its SEBI
     cap and cash shortfall, the looks-small/looks-big dividend pair, the
     fractional 5,00,002 holding, both source disagreements, the early sighting
Holdings stay believable relative to AUM. No figure chosen to make a column
populate or a test pass.

═══ DO NOT ═══
- Do not add charts anywhere.
- Do not touch the corporate action page's six sections — they are correct.
- Do not change the decision logic or any existing figure.
- Do not add a market-data API in this change.

Declare new endpoints and fields in lib/api-spec/openapi.yaml and run
  pnpm --filter @workspace/api-spec run codegen

═══ VERIFY ═══
typecheck and tests pass, plus:
- no Plus Jakarta Sans or Spline Sans Mono reference remains anywhere;
- Analysis shows, per scheme, aggregate cash across all its open events, and
  that figure is greater than any single event's requirement where a scheme has
  more than one funding event;
- one seeded scheme breaches a limit only in combination, and the analysis view
  flags it while each individual event page does not;
- the historical section reports captured, forfeited and deadlines met from the
  closed events, and the lapsed ones are identified;
- the portfolio shows a count plus the most material event, not a full list;
- roughly 30 events with about 16 closed.