SCOPE: five fixes to make the current experience hold together. Do not touch
the Options or Decision sections — the analysis surface is the next step.

═══ A. STOP THE CLOCK BREAKING. THIRD TIME. ═══
This has now failed three ways:
  1. every seeded date was in the past          -> fixed with a seed anchor
  2. deadlineOffset 1 put an internal deadline
     at today 15:00 IST, past after 3pm         -> fixed with a minimum offset
  3. "arrived today" is now empty because the
     clock passed midnight (it is 02:49 on
     2 Sep) and the test asserting >= 3
     arrivals today fails                        -> currently failing

The pattern is that ANY absolute timestamp stamped into the seed goes stale as
real time walks past it. Patching each instance does not fix the class.

Structural fix, two parts:

1. NO ABSOLUTE TIMESTAMPS IN THE SEED. Store offsets only, and resolve them at
   read time against the current instant:
     arrivals   negative hour offsets   "now - 3h", "now - 26h", "now - 52h"
     deadlines  positive day offsets    "now + 13d"
     audit      negative hour offsets
   A date is never written into a fixture; it is computed when read. That way
   nothing can expire, at any hour, ever.

2. REPLACE CALENDAR-DAY "TODAY" WITH A ROLLING 24-HOUR WINDOW. "Arrived today"
   is a broken concept at 02:49 — a calendar day that has barely started can
   contain no arrivals no matter how the data is seeded. Use "in the last 24
   hours" for the dashboard headline and for the count. It is more robust and
   more honest for someone looking at 2am.
   Update the headline sentence wording to match: "3 notices in the last 24
   hours" rather than "3 notices arrived today".

Add a test that fails if ANY fixture contains a hardcoded date or timestamp
literal. That is the invariant that actually prevents recurrence.

═══ B. GIVE THE EVENTS REAL OVERLAP ═══
The overlap landed in HOLDINGS but not in EVENTS. The portfolio page correctly
shows Ganga Telecom across five schemes, but 14 of 17 corporate actions still
affect exactly ONE scheme. Only Bharat Renewables (6 of 10) and one dividend
(5 of 10) vary.

The test "seeded events vary meaningfully in schemes impacted" passes because
two events vary, which is a technicality. Most of the archive still reads
"1 of 10", so the column carries no information and the whole "which of my funds"
question stays trivial.

Fix: MOST events must touch 2 or more schemes. Distribute the securities that
already have corporate actions across multiple scheme holdings, the way Ganga
Telecom already is. Target roughly:
  1 scheme   ~4 events   (small or single-mandate holdings)
  2-3        ~8 events
4-6        ~4 events
  6+         ~1-2 events (the widely held names)

Replace the existing test with one asserting the MEDIAN schemes-impacted is at
least 2, so it cannot pass on two outliers again.

═══ C. SEED THE SOURCE DISAGREEMENT ═══
eventSummarySourceDisagreementsItem was generated and the field exists, but
sourceDisagreements is EMPTY on all 17 events. The plumbing shipped without the
data, so the insight is unreachable.

Seed at least two genuine conflicts:
  1. the Refinitiv feed carries a record date one day later than the NSE filing;
  2. an early NSE announcement carried a ratio that a later custodian MT564
     corrected (send the MT564 as a REPL replacement so the correction appears
     as a second version, not an overwrite).

Show each as ONE sentence on that corporate action, not a comparison table:
  "3 of 4 sources agree. Refinitiv shows a record date of 11 Sep; the NSE
   filing says 10 Sep and wins."
Authority stays per field: quantity -> depository, dates and ratio -> exchange
filing, cash -> custodian, price -> vendor (advisory only).

═══ D. ONE VOCABULARY, IN THE FUND MANAGER'S WORDS ═══
Six internal workflow states are surfacing as user-facing status, and a new one
appeared this round: "Monitoring" on seven events, alongside "Election
required", "Validated", "Under review", "Awaiting settlement", "Break
identified", "Closed", "Awaiting approval".

A status must tell the fund manager what to DO, not name an internal state. Map
them:
  Election required   -> "Your decision needed"
  Validated           -> "Ready to decide"
  Under review        -> "Terms being confirmed"
  Monitoring          -> "No action needed"
  Awaiting approval   -> "With Compliance"
  Awaiting settlement -> "Settling"
  Break identified    -> "Settlement break"
  Closed              -> "Complete"
  Early sighting      -> "Awaiting custodian"   (already correct)

Apply the mapping everywhere status appears: the corporate action header (which
still reads "Status: Validated"), the archive's Status column, and the archive
FILTERS — which currently offer the seven raw internal states as filter options.

Also on the archive: it still has TWO status columns, "Status" and "Open". Keep
one.

═══ E. MOVE THE FIGURES SERVER-SIDE ═══
GET /api/dashboard STILL returns the old shape:
  totalEvents, needsReview, dueToday, openTasks, breaks, recentActivity
None of what the dashboard displays comes from it. The headline funnel, the
ranked scheme list, the funding gaps and the ordering are all computed in the
BROWSER from /api/events. And GET /api/schemes is a 404 — only
/api/schemes/:schemeId exists — so the portfolio list has no server-side source
either.

This contradicts the project's own principle that calculations run on the
server, and it means two clients can disagree about the same book.

1. Add GET /api/schemes returning all ten schemes with their four facts.
2. Rewrite GET /api/dashboard to return exactly what the page renders: the
   rolling-24h arrival count, how many affect the portfolio, schemes impacted,
   total funding, nearest deadline, the ranked inbound list and the ranked
   scheme list. Delete the old unused fields.
3. Delete the client-side derivation.

Declare everything in lib/api-spec/openapi.yaml and run
  pnpm --filter @workspace/api-spec run codegen

═══ DO NOT ═══
- Do not touch section 03 Options or section 05 Decision.
- Do not add charts or new pages.
- Do not add fields to any table without removing one.

═══ VERIFY ═══
typecheck and all tests pass, plus:
- no fixture contains a hardcoded date or timestamp literal;
- the arrival count is a rolling 24-hour window and is non-zero at any hour —
  add a test that runs the count with a simulated clock at 02:00, 09:00 and
  23:00 and expects arrivals at all three;
- the median schemes-impacted across seeded events is at least 2;
- at least two events carry a source disagreement and each states which source
  wins and why;
- no internal workflow state string appears in any rendered page or filter;
- the archive has exactly one status column;
- /api/dashboard returns every figure the dashboard renders, /api/schemes
  returns ten schemes, and grep finds no dashboard figure computed in the
  browser.