Fix the page a fund manager lands on when they open a corporate action. Today it
is incoherent, and it contradicts itself on a single screen.

═══ EVIDENCE, verified against GET /api/events/evt-bharat-rights ═══
  schemeImpacts     10 schemes, 6 affected     <- populated
  impacts[]         empty                      <- what the page reads
  affectedAccounts  6                          <- ignored by the page
  amount            0 INR                      <- what the page shows
  status            "Validated"
  validation        { missingTerms: [], isReady: true }
  calculationRunAt  undefined

And on the rendered page, all at once:
  header badge      "22.00 paise materiality" and "SEBI 10% headroom"
  event profile     "IMPACT SCOPE: 0 accounts affected"
  impact table      "Validate required terms, then run calculation to produce
                     impacts."  (while the status badge says Validated)
  a button          "Calculate Impacts"
  footer            "Last run: 13/09/2026, 12:00:00"

So the page displays the materiality and the SEBI constraint it derived from the
scheme impacts, then two lines later claims nothing is affected and asks the
fund manager to press a button to find out. The dashboard shows ₹22.44 cr and
6 of 10 schemes for this same event.

═══ 1. ONE IMPACT MODEL, COMPUTED ON ARRIVAL ═══
- Delete impacts[] entirely. It is a second, empty impact model.
- affectedAccounts, amount, exposure and the impact table all read the scheme
  impacts.
- Compute impact when the corporate action is created or seeded, never on a
  button press. Remove the "Calculate Impacts" and "Calculate eligibility and
  impact" controls from the fund-manager view. A fund manager does not press a
  button to learn whether their funds are affected.

═══ 2. THE PAGE YOU LAND ON IS THE DESK, GENERALISED ═══
FundManagerDesk.tsx is already the right page but is hardcoded to Bharat
Renewables and sits in the nav as a separate destination. Generalise it to work
for any event id, serve it at /events/:id, and remove "Fund Manager Desk" from
the nav. Delete EventWorkbench.tsx as a route — it and the desk are two views of
the same thing.

═══ 3. SIX SECTIONS, ONE SCROLL, NO TABS ═══
  a. What it is       issuer, ISIN, action, terms (ratio/rate/price), arrived
                      when + channel, deadline
  b. What it touches   affected schemes: share quantity, money + direction,
                      NAV paise per unit where the type has one
  c. Options          exercise / sell entitlement / lapse, with the cost of each
  d. Constraints      SEBI 10% headroom, cash budget, mandate
  e. Decision         one submission to Compliance
  f. History          short trail inline

═══ 4. THE PAGE MUST ADAPT TO EVENT TYPE ═══
Right now every event gets the same seven stages including Decision and Execute
even when nothing can be decided. Sections c, d and e apply ONLY to events with
a real choice (rights, buyback, merger-with-options). For a mandatory cash
dividend, a split or a bonus issue there is nothing to decide — omit those
sections entirely rather than rendering them empty or disabled. A split's page
should show what it touches and what the new quantities will be, and stop.

═══ 5. RETIRE THE SEVEN-STAGE RAIL ═══
Notice / Validate / Exposure / Impact / Decision / Execute / Reconcile is the
operations pipeline, not how a fund manager thinks. Replace it as page
navigation with a single status line. Move term validation with evidence, the
instruction, and reconciliation into a COLLAPSED "Operations detail" section
that expands for the Operations Analyst and Reviewer roles only.

═══ 6. FIX THESE EXACT STRINGS ═══
- Status badge "Validated" alongside "Validate required terms, then run
  calculation" — contradictory. Once impact is computed on arrival, the table
  always has content.
- "Last run: 13/09/2026, 12:00:00" — a FUTURE date in DD/MM/YYYY while every
  other date on the page reads "15 Sep 2026 · 15:00 IST". calculationRunAt is
  undefined, so this timestamp is fabricated. Render nothing when there is no
  run, and use one date format across the product.
- "BLOCKING REASON: Normal operational monitoring" — a field labelled blocking
  reason containing a non-reason. Show the field only when something is
  genuinely blocked, with the real reason.
- "NEXT ACTION: Ready for Calculation / All terms validated. Run deterministic
  impact calculation." — delete. There is no calculation for the user to run.
- "OWNER: Operations Analyst" and the actor line "Aisha Mehta · Operations
  Analyst" — default this page to the Fund Manager (Rohan Iyer).
- Column header "Fund / account" -> "Scheme".
- "IMPACT SCOPE: 0 accounts affected" -> schemes affected, from scheme impacts.

═══ DO NOT ═══
- Do not add tabs or sub-navigation.
- Do not change the Dashboard.
- Do not change any seeded figure. The Bharat Renewables event must still show
  6 of 10 schemes, 26,40,000 rights, ₹22.44 cr, the Focused 25 SEBI breach and
  the Small Cap cash shortfall.
- Do not render a section with no content. Omit it.

Declare any new fields in lib/api-spec/openapi.yaml and run
  pnpm --filter @workspace/api-spec run codegen

═══ VERIFY ═══
pnpm run typecheck and pnpm test pass, plus:
- opening each of the seven events shows its scheme impact immediately, with no
  button anywhere to produce it;
- the figures on /events/:id equal the figures the dashboard shows for the same
  event — today they read ₹22.44 cr and ₹0 respectively;
- grep confirms impacts[] no longer exists;
- the Deccan Grid split page has no Options, Constraints or Decision section;
- no date rendered on the page is in the future;
- a Fund Manager opening the page sees no "Operations detail" expanded, and an
  Operations Analyst can expand it.