Rebuild the dashboard at artifacts/corporate-actions-copilot/src/pages/Dashboard.tsx.
The user is a FUND MANAGER at Arka Mutual Fund. The dashboard answers exactly
two questions and nothing else:

  1. What corporate actions came in, and how did they arrive?
  2. What did they touch in my portfolio, and what does it cost me?

Anything that does not serve those two questions must be deleted, not moved
around. The current page is a workflow monitor for an ops supervisor and shows
the same seven events four different ways. Read the DELETE list below carefully
— removing things is most of this task.

═══ STEP 0 — PREREQUISITE: THERE ARE 16 SCHEMES, THERE MUST BE 10 ═══
The last change appended ten new schemes to the six that already existed
instead of replacing them. ARKA_SCHEME_SEED now has 16 entries, including two
Value schemes (Arka Value Discovery + Arka Value Fund) and two mid-cap schemes
(Arka Midcap Opportunities + Arka Mid Cap Fund). Totals are wrong as a result:
33,20,000 rights and ₹28.22 cr, where the correct figures for the ten-scheme
book are 26,40,000 rights and ₹22.44 cr.

Delete these six outright: Arka Equity Savings, Arka Large & Mid Cap, Arka
Balanced Advantage, Arka Value Discovery, Arka Midcap Opportunities, Arka
Arbitrage. Keep exactly the ten schemes whose AUM and NAV already match spec.

Also: Arka Banking & Financial currently holds 1 share so that the folio-active
test has a subject. Remove the fabricated holding — it holds nothing, and its
exclusion reason is "no Bharat Renewables equity holding". If that leaves the
folio-active test without a case, leave it without a case; do not invent a
holding to populate it.

The eligibility funnel must then report ONE population: universe 10, then
holds-equity-ISIN, then held-on-record-date, then folio-active. Right now it
reports universe 16 with a 8→7→6 chain and separately claims eligible 10, which
cannot all be true.

═══ STEP 1 — THREE DATA GAPS THAT BLOCK AN HONEST DASHBOARD ═══

(a) Events have no arrival information. Add to every corporate action:
      receivedAt   — a real timestamp
      source       — one of: NSE corporate filing | BSE corporate filing |
                     RTA notice | NSDL/CDSL corporate action file | Manual upload
    Seed these so arrivals are spread across the last several days, with two or
    three landing today. "How many arrived today" must be a real count, not a
    constant.

(b) Every deadline is currently identical — all seven events read
    "15 Sep 2026 · 15:00 IST". Derive each event's calendar from its OWN record
    date so deadlines differ, urgency sorting means something, and the
    dashboard does not contradict the Fund Manager Desk (which says the
    Bharat Renewables market deadline is 08 Sep).

(c) Only the Bharat Renewables rights issue computes scheme-level impact. The
    other six have none, which is why the dashboard renders "Exposure: ₹0".
    Run the same scheme-impact calculation for EVERY event, against the same
    ten-scheme book.

    Each event type has genuinely different economics. Do NOT invent a NAV hit
    where there isn't one:
      Cash dividend   — entitlement receivable = shares × rate. The ex-date
                        price drop is offset by the receivable, so NAV impact is
                        neutral. Report the receivable, not a loss.
      Stock split     — quantity changes, value does not. NAV impact is zero by
                        construction. Report the new quantity.
      Bonus issue     — same as split: value-neutral, quantity changes.
      Rights issue    — the only case with real dilution. Funding required, and
                        value at risk if the entitlement lapses.
      Buyback/tender  — optional cash exit on the accepted portion.
      Merger/demerger — share swap into the new security, plus any cash leg.

    Where an event type has no NAV impact, the field must be empty or explicitly
    "neutral". Never render 0.00 as though it were a measurement.

═══ STEP 2 — THE PAGE: THREE BLOCKS, IN THIS ORDER ═══

BLOCK 1 — Status as one sentence, not four tiles
Render the four numbers as a linked funnel, because that is the fund manager's
actual morning question:

  "3 notices arrived today. 2 affect your schemes. 5 of 10 schemes impacted.
   ₹22.44 cr to fund by 07 Sep."

The conversion from "arrived" to "affects us" is the most important number on
the page and currently does not exist anywhere in the product. Every figure must
be derived from the event set, never hardcoded. Show the nearest real deadline
and which event it belongs to.

BLOCK 2 — Inbound corporate actions
One row per corporate action. This single table replaces Priority queue, All
demo cases, Demo coverage and Risk mix. Columns:

  Issuer + ISIN
  Action              Dividend / Bonus issue / Split / Rights issue /
                      Buyback / Merger
  Arrived             relative time + the source channel from Step 1(a)
  Schemes impacted    "4 of 10", linking to the drill-down
  Impact              amount AND direction, as separate concepts:
                        "Receivable ₹1.91 cr"  or  "Funding ₹22.44 cr"
                      never a single unsigned "Exposure" column
  NAV impact          worst-affected scheme's paise per unit, or blank where
                      the event type has none
  Needs from you      "Decide by 07 Sep" / "Nothing — mandatory" /
                      "With Compliance" / "Settled"

Sort by decision urgency first, then by materiality. An event needing no action
must not appear at the top of an urgency-sorted list — the current page ranks
Bharat Renewables HIGH while its own reason text says "No action currently
required".

BLOCK 3 — Your schemes, the other way round
The reverse view, which does not exist today at all. A fund manager owns
schemes, not events. Ten rows:

  Scheme | AUM | Open corporate actions touching it | Total NAV impact
         | Funding needed | Flag (e.g. SEBI 10% headroom)

This is where the answer to "is my fund okay" lives.

Nothing else goes on this page.

═══ STEP 3 — DELETE THESE ═══
- The "CONTROL ROOM" eyebrow.
- The heading "Operations dashboard" and its subtitle about "what is moving,
  what is blocked, and where the synthetic cases are in the lifecycle".
- The "Demo dataset: synthetic operational cases" banner and the "7 cases /
  4 high risk / 1 live break" strip.
- The "Demo coverage" panel entirely — "where the seeded cases sit in the
  workflow" is a statistic about the fixture, not about the portfolio.
- The "Risk mix" panel.
- The "Workload to clear" panel. It duplicates the Open tasks tile, and both
  currently show zero.
- The "Recent control activity" panel. It currently renders five identical rows
  ("Notice received / System / Synthetic NSE notice captured / 31 Aug, 14:30").
  Audit history has its own page.
- The "5 of 6 lifecycle stages currently represented" line.
- The "Action or monitoring" tile — not a category anyone uses.
- The "Open tasks / 0 due today" tile. Approvals have their own page.

═══ STEP 4 — RENAME ═══
  case, "cases in workspace"  -> corporate action, "open corporate actions"
  affected accounts           -> schemes impacted
  Exposure                    -> Entitlement / Funding required (by direction)
  Event Inbox      (nav)      -> Corporate actions
  Notice Intake    (nav)      -> Add a notice
  Tasks & Risk     (nav)      -> Approvals
A fund manager does not have "cases" or "accounts". They have corporate actions
and schemes.

═══ STEP 5 — HONESTY RULES ═══
- Units must be true. The bonus issue currently shows "₹5,000" for what is
  5,000 SHARES. Quantities are not currency.
- Never print 0 or ₹0 as if it were a measurement. If a figure does not apply,
  say so or omit it.
- Cash in and cash out are different columns or carry an explicit direction.
- Every count on the page must be derived. No hardcoded "seven", "six" or
  "10 of 10".
- If an event needs no action, it must not be styled or sorted as urgent.

═══ DO NOT ═══
- Do not add tabs, sub-navigation, or a stage rail to this page.
- Do not touch EventWorkbench.tsx, FundManagerDesk.tsx, NoticeIntake.tsx,
  TasksList.tsx or AuditLog.tsx beyond the nav renames.
- Do not add charts, sparklines, or a "demo" or "coverage" panel of any kind.
- Do not keep a panel merely because it currently exists.

Declare every new field (receivedAt, source, per-event scheme impact) in
lib/api-spec/openapi.yaml and run
  pnpm --filter @workspace/api-spec run codegen
before wiring the frontend — undeclared fields are stripped from responses by
the generated Zod validators.

═══ VERIFY ═══
pnpm run typecheck and pnpm test pass, plus tests asserting:
- ARKA_SCHEME_SEED has exactly 10 schemes with no duplicated category, and the
  ten-scheme book totals 26,40,000 rights and ₹22.44 cr;
- the eligibility funnel reports a universe of 10 and one consistent chain;
- no two events share a market deadline;
- "notices arrived today" is computed from receivedAt, and changes if a seeded
  arrival time moves;
- every event returns a scheme-impact result, and split and bonus issues return
  a zero-or-absent NAV impact rather than a fabricated one;
- no scheme holds a quantity that exists only to satisfy a test.