SCOPE: make the current experience coherent before we touch analysis. Three
things: the portfolio must be reachable, manual entry must stop pretending, and
the seeded data must teach something. Do not touch the Options or Decision
sections — that is the next step.

═══ A. THE PORTFOLIO IS NOT A PLACE. MAKE IT ONE. ═══
Today the nav is Dashboard / Corporate actions / Add manually / Audit trail. The
ten schemes a fund manager is accountable for have no destination, and only the
six AFFECTED schemes are links — the four unaffected ones are plain text, so
they cannot be opened at all.

1. Add "Portfolio" to the nav. It lists all TEN schemes, ranked by NAV impact,
   with the unaffected ones present and openable at the bottom rather than
   collapsed into a sentence. Same columns as the dashboard block.
2. Every scheme is openable, including ones with nothing happening. A scheme
   with no open corporate actions says so and shows its holdings.
3. On /schemes/:id, give "securities in play" a denominator. Today it shows 2
   rows with no sense of the whole:
     "2 of 34 holdings have open corporate actions."
   Without the denominator the number means nothing.

═══ B. MANUAL ENTRY MUST STOP PRETENDING ═══
A manually entered corporate action CANNOT be acted on, and the product should
say so rather than implying otherwise.

Acting on a corporate action means sending an MT565 instruction to the custodian
against THE CUSTODIAN'S OWN corporate action reference. No MT564 means no
reference, so no instruction can be sent. The entitlement quantity also comes
from the depository's record-date file — it is not something a person types.

So change what manual entry creates:
1. It creates an EARLY SIGHTING, not a corporate action. Typically from an NSE
   or BSE filing seen before the custodian's MT564 arrives.
2. An early sighting computes INDICATIVE impact — which schemes, roughly how
   much — so the fund manager can plan. Label it indicative everywhere it shows.
3. An early sighting CANNOT progress to a decision. State the reason plainly on
   the page:
     "Awaiting custodian notification. You can review the likely impact now, but
      an instruction cannot be sent until SBI-SG confirms this action."
4. When a custodian MT564 arrives matching the same ISIN and event type, the two
   MERGE. Any field where the sighting and the custodian disagree is surfaced,
   the custodian value wins for cash, the depository for quantity.
5. Seed one early sighting in this state so the flow is visible.

Rename "Add manually" to "Log an early sighting" or similar — the label should
say what it produces.

═══ C. MAKE THE SEEDED DATA TEACH SOMETHING ═══
Only Bharat Renewables currently demonstrates a risk. The other six show "a
thing happened to one fund, nothing to decide". Keep the seven, add roughly ten
more, and make each one demonstrate ONE distinct thing:

MOST IMPORTANT — seed this pair adjacent so the contrast is unavoidable:
  "Looks small, is not"  a modest dividend on a large position held by a SMALL
                         scheme: small rupee figure, large NAV paise per unit
  "Looks big, is not"    a large rupee figure in a very LARGE scheme:
                         negligible NAV impact per unit
Together these make the product's core argument: rupees mislead, NAV per unit
does not. Right now the archive shows "₹55,27,125" beside a mostly-empty
materiality column, which teaches the opposite.

Also seed:
  concentration creep    a MANDATORY bonus issue that pushes a scheme's issuer
                         exposure toward the 10% cap with no decision to make.
                         Nobody chose it; only a warning would catch it.
  the near miss          a voluntary event with 2 days left, sitting among
                         mandatory noise, so ranking has to earn its place
  source disagreement    the vendor feed carries a record date one day off the
                         exchange filing
  overlap                one security held by 4-5 schemes, so "schemes impacted"
                         stops being 1 for every event
  ~10 boring ones        mandatory dividends and splits, nothing to decide.
                         The value of the product is surfacing 3 that matter out
                         of 20, and that cannot be shown with 7 events all
                         flagged as interesting.

Holdings must stay believable: a scheme's positions should be a plausible
fraction of its AUM. No 1-share holdings, no figures chosen to make a column
populate.

═══ D. FIX THE CORPORATE ACTIONS LIST ═══
1. It has NO "schemes impacted" column — the single most important fact. Add it.
2. It has TWO status columns: "Status" (Election required / Validated / Under
   review / Awaiting settlement / Break identified) and "Open". Keep one, in
   fund-manager language, not internal workflow vocabulary. The filters have the
   same problem — seven internal states offered as filter options.
3. Money renders three different ways across the product: "₹55,27,125" here,
   "₹15.30 cr" on the scheme page, "₹19.13 lakh" on the dashboard. Pick one
   convention and apply it everywhere.
4. Two headings stacked: "Corporate actions" then "Corporate action archive",
   each with its own subtitle. Keep one.
5. Materiality is blank on 5 of 7 rows because those events are value-neutral.
   Blank reads as missing data. Say "Neutral" or show the cash figure in its
   place, consistently with how the dashboard already does it.

═══ E. DATE FORMAT, AGAIN ═══
/schemes/:id renders holdings position dates as raw ISO "2026-09-11" while the
rest of the product uses "15 Sep 2026 · 15:00 IST". One format everywhere.

═══ DO NOT ═══
- Do not touch section 03 Options or section 05 Decision.
- Do not add charts.
- Do not let an early sighting produce an instruction or an election.

Declare new fields in lib/api-spec/openapi.yaml and run
  pnpm --filter @workspace/api-spec run codegen

═══ VERIFY ═══
typecheck and tests pass, plus:
- all ten schemes are reachable from Portfolio, including unaffected ones;
- an early sighting cannot reach a decision, and says why;
- a custodian MT564 arriving for a sighting merges them and reports any
  disagreement;
- the "looks small" event has higher NAV materiality than the "looks big" event
  despite a smaller rupee figure — assert this ordering in a test;
- schemes-impacted varies across events rather than being 1 for nearly all;
- one money format and one date format across every page.